Hello guy she will come back in this video which will create a new category API.
Let's dive in.
So the first thing you want to do is you want to create a new file under routes and you want to give
your name mean.
Yes.
This file will hold all the category and product we later to you or else.
So the first thing we need to do is we need to import two libraries.
One is library that we just install which is express and the other one is the local library which is
our model category schema.
So you go and do that conc or
so we have to change you made a typo category.
OK.
Now one is the router.
You know route and then the name will be categories.
Then we'll have to training method which will be get and pose.
So we're going to focus on the post first because we want to add and you get to first.
So go good and that was response and next here you want a new kitty.
Do to get.
And then category name we go through the DOT territory and then get a green dot safe that opens on keys
and success
message.
So now what we want to do is you want to make or model in the router.
Sorry.
Save this file and you want it to serve us and you want to copy this thing and paste it here and she's
used to
this
I mean oh I mean it's going to be like this is here and here.
So we go back to mean no.
Yes.
You know what is happening.
We create a new category object and we store you know the name of it by the requested body got category.
And then we saved the category and we responds with two objects just an object which is success and
message.
And finally we just you know export the router so that we could use it on the server.
So now let's go ahead and test it out.
Google Chrome this postman.
Let's go ahead and test it out.
Loading loading.
Right.
So this opened up a new tab and localhost to the API and it's
body will have a name.
And let's give it a shot.
Let's give it a name folks.
And now what we need to do first is we need to run the pulse Shelfer so exclusive stuff.
Could shift right quick shift for a week.
Open boat show the Amazon
server and then no server magic happens from port to the tree and connects to the database go back to
postman and let's go ahead and send true message.
So we have successfully created a new category API.
So in this video we learn how to post a new category in the next video.
We will learn how to get all the categories.
So I'll see you guys in the next video.